It was a dark night in the woods. Tom was sleeping without a care in the world. Suddenly, the door to his cabin creaked open and entered a shadowy person. Tom, unaware of his presence, kept sleeping. The man went to his kitchen, and picked up a big knife and slowly came back to Tom. Still, unaware of his presence, Tom turned towards the man. Fear shot through tom's heart as he saw what the man was about to do. In one hand, he held a knife covered in jelly that had already been applied to the bread held in the other. Slowly the man descended toward Tom's fresh jar of peanutbutter with the unclean knife and with a horeendous thfft, slid it into the soft peanutbuttery goodness, sullying the purity of the jar for all of eternity. Tom let out a blood curdling scream.

Now a man devoid of purpose in life after watching his precious PB defiled right before his eyes, the world lost all vibrance and colour in his eyes: everything had been smeared over with a layer of smooth PB. Every voice, sound, and noise became an echo of the dull thfft that spread all over Tom's hopes and dreams. Fear and paranoia soon followed as the the glint of ligth on metal sent Tom back to that horrid memory.

Tom became consumed by the thoughts of his sullied pb. Even the sight of silverware would put him on edge. So, fearing his sanity would soon be gone forever, Tom decided he would have to do what he had failed to do for so many weeks. Go to a therapist to sort out his problems. 

So, he went to see a therapist, Kanan. The therapist seemed very polite and educated with a lot of certificates hung on his wall. During his session the therapist took out a peanut-butter jar and a jelly. Took a knife...dipped in the jelly... then the therapist... took that knife and... lsipped it back into the pb and then spread it on the bread. Tom had enough.... he could no longer tolerate the abuse of such an innocent pb. He leaped up on the therapist grabbed the knife and slid the knife in his hear, just like he had done to the innocent pb.
